README.md, before:

# Hi there, I'm Boseth! 👋 🚀

<p align="left">
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Role-Software%20Engineer-blueviolet?style=for-the-badge">
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Focus-Security%20%26%20Web%20Dev-orange?style=for-the-badge">
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Building-Advanced%20URL%20Checker-yellow?style=for-the-badge">
</p>

---

### 🚀 About Me

I am a **Software Engineering Student** passionate about building tools that make the web safer and more efficient. I love the intensity of **Hackathons** and the challenge of low-level systems programming.

- 🛠️ **Current Project:** Developing an **Advanced URL Checker** to analyze link safety, status codes, and metadata.
- 🌱 **Learning:** Mastering the .NET ecosystem and Laravel backend architecture.
- 💞️ **Looking to collaborate on:** Cyber-security tools and open-source web frameworks.
- ⚡ **Fun Fact:** [Insert a quick fun fact here, e.g., "I love digital art!" or "I'm a coffee-powered coder."]

---

### 🏗️ Featured Project: Advanced URL Checker

> A robust tool designed to validate and analyze URLs in real-time.

* **Logic:** Built with focus on security and response-time optimization.
* **Tech Stack:** [e.g., Python / .NET / Laravel] — *Pick the one you are using!*
* **Key Features:** Status code verification, security header analysis, and redirect tracing.

---

### 🛠️ My Tech Stack

#### 💻 Programming Languages
<p align="left">
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Java-%23ED8B00.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=openjdk&logoColor=white" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Python-3776AB?style=for-the-badge&logo=python&logoColor=white" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/C-A8B9CC?style=for-the-badge&logo=c&logoColor=black" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/C++-00599C?style=for-the-badge&logo=c%2B%2B&logoColor=white" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/C%23-%23239120.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=c-sharp&logoColor=white" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/SQL-CC2927?style=for-the-badge&logo=sqlite&logoColor=white" />
</p>

#### 🌐 Web & Frameworks
<p align="left">
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Laravel-FF2D20?style=for-the-badge&logo=laravel&logoColor=white" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/.NET-512BD4?style=for-the-badge&logo=dotnet&logoColor=white" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/HTML5-E34F26?style=for-the-badge&logo=html5&logoColor=white" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/CSS3-1572B6?style=for-the-badge&logo=css3&logoColor=white" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/JavaScript-F7DF1E?style=for-the-badge&logo=javascript&logoColor=black" />
</p>

---

### 📊 GitHub Activity

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=boseth-art&show_icons=true&theme=tokyonight" alt="Boseth's Stats" />
  <img src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=boseth-art&layout=compact&theme=tokyonight" alt="Top Languages" />
</p>

---

### 📬 Let's Connect!

- 📧 **Email:** [bosethofficial@gmail.com](mailto:bosethofficial@gmail.com)
- 💼 **LinkedIn:** [Insert your Link Here]

---
<p align="center">
  <i>"Code is where science meets art."</i>
</p>

Commit message:

Update LinkedIn link in README

README.md, after:

# Hi there, I'm Boseth! 👋 🚀

<p align="left">
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Role-Software%20Engineer-blueviolet?style=for-the-badge">
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Focus-Security%20%26%20Web%20Dev-orange?style=for-the-badge">
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Building-Advanced%20URL%20Checker-yellow?style=for-the-badge">
</p>

---

### 🚀 About Me

I am a **Software Engineering Student** passionate about building tools that make the web safer and more efficient. I love the intensity of **Hackathons** and the challenge of low-level systems programming.

- 🛠️ **Current Project:** Developing an **Advanced URL Checker** to analyze link safety, status codes, and metadata.
- 🌱 **Learning:** Mastering the .NET ecosystem and Laravel backend architecture.
- 💞️ **Looking to collaborate on:** Cyber-security tools and open-source web frameworks.
- ⚡ **Fun Fact:** [Insert a quick fun fact here, e.g., "I love digital art!" or "I'm a coffee-powered coder."]

---

### 🏗️ Featured Project: Advanced URL Checker

> A robust tool designed to validate and analyze URLs in real-time.

* **Logic:** Built with focus on security and response-time optimization.
* **Tech Stack:** [e.g., Python / .NET / Laravel] — *Pick the one you are using!*
* **Key Features:** Status code verification, security header analysis, and redirect tracing.

---

### 🛠️ My Tech Stack

#### 💻 Programming Languages
<p align="left">
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Java-%23ED8B00.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=openjdk&logoColor=white" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Python-3776AB?style=for-the-badge&logo=python&logoColor=white" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/C-A8B9CC?style=for-the-badge&logo=c&logoColor=black" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/C++-00599C?style=for-the-badge&logo=c%2B%2B&logoColor=white" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/C%23-%23239120.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=c-sharp&logoColor=white" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/SQL-CC2927?style=for-the-badge&logo=sqlite&logoColor=white" />
</p>

#### 🌐 Web & Frameworks
<p align="left">
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Laravel-FF2D20?style=for-the-badge&logo=laravel&logoColor=white" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/.NET-512BD4?style=for-the-badge&logo=dotnet&logoColor=white" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/HTML5-E34F26?style=for-the-badge&logo=html5&logoColor=white" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/CSS3-1572B6?style=for-the-badge&logo=css3&logoColor=white" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/JavaScript-F7DF1E?style=for-the-badge&logo=javascript&logoColor=black" />
</p>

---

### 📊 GitHub Activity

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=boseth-art&show_icons=true&theme=tokyonight" alt="Boseth's Stats" />
  <img src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=boseth-art&layout=compact&theme=tokyonight" alt="Top Languages" />
</p>

---

### 📬 Let's Connect!

- 📧 **Email:** [bosethofficial@gmail.com](mailto:bosethofficial@gmail.com)
- 💼 **LinkedIn:** [www.linkedin.com/in/boseth-rathnayake-b50176324]

---
<p align="center">
  <i>"Code is where science meets art."</i>
</p>
